README.md, before:

# Green Blood (Virtual Reality Adventures)

This is a ZIL Implementation of Green Blood game book (Virtual Reality Adventures) by Mark Smith and Dave Morris.

| **Cover art** | **Back cover blurb**|
|:-:|:-:|
|![Cover Art](/images/green-blood.png)|The evil Westermen are destroying the once beautiful and idyllic Forest of Arden. The trees are being torn down and used to fuel the raging smelters that are making deadly weapons and engines of war. In your desperate quest to prevent the annihilation of the forest you must face many dangers. But will you be able to stop the heartless mercenaries and their Infernal Machine as it smashes the very heart of the forest, the Tree of Life?|
| |Not luck but judgement!|
| |*Virtual Reality Adventure Books are a new generation of interactive fiction. This unique non-random game system makes the choices all yours. There are no dice to roll, no lengthy rules to learn. All you need is the spark of your own imagination!*|
| |*Cover illustration by Mike Posen|
| | |
| |**Map of the Forest of Arden**|
| |![Map](/images/forest-of-arden.jpg)<br>**From: [Museum of Computer Adventure Game History](https://mocagh.org/loadpage.php?getcompany=otherbook)|

## Additional Copyright Information 

```
Published 1993 by Mammoth an imprint of Reed Consumer Books Limited
Michelin Home, 81 Fulham Road, London SW3 6RB and Auckland, Melbourne, Singapore and Toronto

Text copyright (c) 1993 Dave Morris and Mark Smith
Illustrations copyright (c) 1993 Terry Oakes
Map copyright (c) 1993 Leo Hartas

ISBN 0 7497 1484 0
```

## Notes about ZIL version

- No in-game illustrations or graphics (also excludes map from the book)
- Character selection and inventory of items and codewords are implemented
- Some changes to the text were made: spelling errors/consistency, some were rephrased to fit the "digital" format or the implemented mechanisms 
- Select an action by pressing the number keys that correspond to the option (**1** - **9**). If there are more than 9 options, items 10-15 map to the keys **A** (or **a**) - **F** (or **f**)
- Press **q** or **Q** during action selection to quit or terminate the program
- Press **c** or **C** during action selection to view character (items, skills, codewords)
- Press **g** or **G** during action selection to view skills glossary
- Press **h** or **H** or **?** during action selection lists the commands **G**/**C**/**Q** and what each does 
- Paradoxical or continuity errors (as pointed out by some reviewers/readers) are preserved since the ZIL was adapted verbatim from the book.

## Bugs

Feel free to report bugs or any issues with this adaptation. Thanks!

Commit message:

update README to include save/restore command

README.md, after:

# Green Blood (Virtual Reality Adventures)

This is a ZIL Implementation of Green Blood game book (Virtual Reality Adventures) by Mark Smith and Dave Morris.

| **Cover art** | **Back cover blurb**|
|:-:|:-:|
|![Cover Art](/images/green-blood.png)|The evil Westermen are destroying the once beautiful and idyllic Forest of Arden. The trees are being torn down and used to fuel the raging smelters that are making deadly weapons and engines of war. In your desperate quest to prevent the annihilation of the forest you must face many dangers. But will you be able to stop the heartless mercenaries and their Infernal Machine as it smashes the very heart of the forest, the Tree of Life?|
| |Not luck but judgement!|
| |*Virtual Reality Adventure Books are a new generation of interactive fiction. This unique non-random game system makes the choices all yours. There are no dice to roll, no lengthy rules to learn. All you need is the spark of your own imagination!*|
| |*Cover illustration by Mike Posen|
| | |
| |**Map of the Forest of Arden**|
| |![Map](/images/forest-of-arden.jpg)<br>**From: [Museum of Computer Adventure Game History](https://mocagh.org/loadpage.php?getcompany=otherbook)|

## Additional Copyright Information 

```
Published 1993 by Mammoth an imprint of Reed Consumer Books Limited
Michelin Home, 81 Fulham Road, London SW3 6RB and Auckland, Melbourne, Singapore and Toronto

Text copyright (c) 1993 Dave Morris and Mark Smith
Illustrations copyright (c) 1993 Terry Oakes
Map copyright (c) 1993 Leo Hartas

ISBN 0 7497 1484 0
```

## Notes about ZIL version

- No in-game illustrations or graphics (also excludes map from the book)
- Character selection and inventory of items and codewords are implemented
- Some changes to the text were made: spelling errors/consistency, some were rephrased to fit the "digital" format or the implemented mechanisms 
- Select an action by pressing the number keys that correspond to the option (**1** - **9**). If there are more than 9 options, items 10-15 map to the keys **A** (or **a**) - **F** (or **f**)
- Press **q** or **Q** during action selection to quit or terminate the program
- Press **c** or **C** during action selection to view character (items, skills, codewords)
- Press **g** or **G** during action selection to view skills glossary
- Press **r** or **R** during action selection to restore progress from a save file
- Press **s** or **S** during action selection to save current progress to a file
- Press **h** or **H** or **?** during action selection lists the commands **G**/**C**/**Q** and what each does 
- Paradoxical or continuity errors (as pointed out by some reviewers/readers) are preserved since the ZIL was adapted verbatim from the book.

## Bugs

Feel free to report bugs or any issues with this adaptation. Thanks!
